Images docs tweaks (#11298)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/images/cloudflare-images/upload-images/images-batch.md

The Images batch API lets you make several requests in sequence while bypassing Cloudflare’s global API rate limits. 

> To use the Images batch API, you will need to obtain a batch token and use the token to make several requests. The requests authorized by this batch token are made to a separate endpoint and do not count toward the global API rate limits. Each token is subject to a Cloudflare Images-specific rate limit of 200 requests per second.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the Images batch API, you will need to obtain a batch token and use the token to make several requests. The requests authorized by this batch token are made to a separate endpoint and do not count toward the global API rate limits. Each token is subject to a rate limit of 200 requests per second. Please create a new token to sustain higher throughput to the Cloudflare Images API.
```
